montico welcome a new video of
gt5 online here we are back and no
after siege mentality as a
kid
another 8 as we are my partner I a
boy at home was the game team
incredible we are here mentality of
do me but we are on a map very very
handsome just burst my buddy
when the sale banner has committed suicide
for the water it does not matter
and descriptive of basic archibald
We have a little problemita bar
quite pretty big
and esque
as his uncle is going this is why we are
here in this game mode and ski and if
we already have to defend this as I have
defend this because I'm alone and there's a
work bad boy balear
you are watching a stadium
nothing kills me we have to have this
we are alone and we have people for all
sides we have people everywhere
you estimate dead kid we take out the copper
and beyond
what luck did he give, how lucky he got it
And going up, it's now over here
down
we have it here
let's see if it goes up goes up
we are defining a path of the
death know eye that climbs me flies
we see how they raise eye that raise me and
they go up and up people mind is regular
regulator was and eye eye that is there
Jota and as soon as left over, you
bust
oh my god
ok and other
I do not have a weapon, it does not give or that way if I have
put the glasses madryn already believed that
I thought I was carrying the shotgun and you know
why jumped because I gave him for
make the croquette and make the croquette and
It does not carry a soul that has jumped me
uncle had oyster uncle
just like my character commits suicide
on its supplying face like the
first time it is very very cool this
game mode on this map justly
we see that attack so let's see if
we got it clear that well dressed
this for where we go by land or
by water
I could not choose land because
the world
of water that is around here and let's see
people control me is getting me lad
it's going to burst
obvious but one hundred percent like the
sir rolando vale let's see if there
around here some montillo I like to go
because it's fast but it gives me that
I'm going and we 're going to plan
water for my compas there is a time
has commissioned we have one that was
only one
it was only one ok and now there is a
my friend who is there against
the to see if my partner loads it not
is worth resisting to be the companion to the
surge now I just need to
start this and that you take from my god
worth the key is mind is for me to
that the game has an angle to kill us
we get in, we get in, we come here
back we created there we are we got off of
the perfect boat and now the key is
in climbing up here to see if I get it
you know why it's a ladder really
it's a pretty complicated thing there
are you supposed good and given the ladder
I'm allowed by words that are
enough time to go up here you know
it would be a nice touch
the partner is here in the people
eye eye that must take a step
but
come on, that 's what has happened already
we have killed already we have killed but the
Uncle does not appear as if he were not
dead stays like on top of the
ladder but of course I 'm not going to
shoot because he was dead to
finish something pushes and somewhat is that
I miss I do not know what happened literally
I do not know I do not know I do not know what
has happened when I have no idea there are cases
that evoked the broken I know what
import
valeria in ronda you have ok we attack from
again I will try to go by land though
I think it's a little more complicated
but the fact is that we have invented if
we can catch a motor very fast
I stay with the rock and it is perfect and
I'm praying them, I'm praying for them
people so that people go for the water
there is my partner going out there
perfect
of subscribers subscribers as
back to back to back
back for boys
they put everything in my place and I know
The lawyer
It's so awful to be lamenting my
comrades have blown them all
to see if they appear now and villa in a
Jet Ski and I get in here because
if I go I just go for it I can not
nor of coña
I'm going to do the key here the lord is
perfect
a motorcycle that goes away for it now I
I'm walking the water scooter myself
I put here in white life plan
We are going
impossible impossible impossible by land
It 's totally impossible to go guys
they are going to see if we can get to kill
some reason the seventh game this
map is somewhat complicated since it
follows then live a minute 47 seconds to
see to see how we do it see how
we make
I'll try
anna frank calzón emitted and basin
I say go to francs of two million
watersheds
mine children I have a knife over here
those people control with the franc is
control at quite levels
stratospheric valera are being
it was all my whole team is killing
my team quite simply
the fashion or let's go ride the motito that
I hope you do not have me pinched I do not think
that there is a dead guy that was one is
same German because they think they have
come here
we stop and we go and see if
we get up there is perfect
partner was going up we go for
up to be here we are the four
we are the four lad my mother
we are running always was
partner
I see you a little bit is a little
more the truth
let's go to the end
the chiringuito has shot at him
man with the beach bars but most
go go account just got the poor
building but the boy the case is very
good partía mola a lot this map is
complicated you'll see that pretty
complicated but the truth is there
and
two